docs/index.rst, before:

.. amqpstorm documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Apr 10 16:25:24 2016.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

AMQPStorm package
=================
Thread-safe Python RabbitMQ Client Library based on pamqp.

Installation
------------
AMQPStorm can be installed by running :command:`pip install amqpstorm`

Examples
--------
A wide verity of examples is available on Github at `https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm/tree/master/examples <https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm/tree/master/examples>`_

API Documentation
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :glob:
   :maxdepth: 1

   api/*

Issues
------
Please report any issues to the Github repo at `https://github.com/eandersson/amqp-storm/issues <https://github.com/eandersson/amqp-storm/issues>`_

Source
------
AMQPStorm source code is available on Github at  `https://github.com/eandersson/amqp-storm <https://github.com/eandersson/amqp-storm>`_

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Fixed unit-tests, improved documentation

docs/index.rst, after:

.. amqpstorm documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Apr 10 16:25:24 2016.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

AMQPStorm package
=================
Thread-safe Python RabbitMQ Client Library based on pamqp.

Installation
------------
AMQPStorm can be installed by running :command:`pip install amqpstorm`

Examples
--------
A wide verity of examples is available on Github at `https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm/tree/master/examples <https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm/tree/master/examples>`_

API Documentation
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :glob:
   :maxdepth: 1

   api/*

Management API Documentation
----------------------------

.. toctree::
   :glob:
   :maxdepth: 1

   management_api/*

Issues
------
Please report any issues to the Github repo at `https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm/issues <https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm/issues>`_

Source
------
AMQPStorm source code is available on Github at  `https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm <https://github.com/eandersson/amqpstorm>`_

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
